Edits to UG and DG (#263)
AY2425S2-CS2103T-T13-1/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

Format: `display INDEX`

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-warning">:exclamation: **Note:**<br>
- Can be used in conjunction with 
    - 'list' to show a list of all the clients.<br>

>     - `find` to filter the clients based on their name.<br> 

Reviewer: Maybe it should be keyword instead for consistency with the find feature
```suggestion
    - `find` to filter the clients based on the keyword.<br> 
```
